chore: add section to readme for community packages (#262)
unjs/h3: README.md

👉 You can learn more about usage in [JSDocs Documentation](https://www.jsdocs.io/package/h3#package-functions).

## Community Packages

> You can find more event handlers and composable utilities from the community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use more h3 event utilities from the community.
```
